Narin Ramnehal - 816015907
Jerome Charles - 816021939

28/1/2021
meeting 1
Discussion were made on how the group would incooperate technology inorder to communicate and Github was decided on.This platform allows us to keep a detailed log of the projects ,subjects
of the meetings and anything else that may be of relevance to the project.

08/2/2021
Meeting 2 
Previous meetings were scraped because we recveived an email from miss stating project was not do able and to come up with a better idea.
We brain stormed but could not decide. 

10/2/2021 
Meeting 3 
We decided on a application that combinds streaming services. We came up with the :
-Problem solution
-Description of project 
-Features 


17/2/2021 
Meeting 4 
We did the Goals and Aims of system, target users and user stories 

18/2/2021
We discussed what we are goin to talked to miss about and the future of the project:
Goals before next meeting:
-Confirm with miss project 
-User requirements 
-System requirements
-Functional and Non Requirments 


23/2/2021
Meeting of goup members to discuss the functional and non functional elements of Stream IO.

Problem Definition 
In the most recent of times, streaming services having been on the rise. From Netflix to Disney+, more and more people are subscribing to streaming services, more and more services are coming out yearly. 
Individuals who are subscribed to more than one service might feel overwhelmed with the amount of content to watch and the different applications to naviagte.
As a person who owns Disney+ and Netflix I find it tedious to switch from application to application. I would prefer if all the content were in one area to navigate through. 
This is the goal of Stream IO, to gather all your accounts from various streaming services and combine them into one application.

GOALS OF SYSTEM AND AIM 
The overall goal of StreamIO is to make the user life easier when it comes to choosing content. 
The goal of Innovators to design whole software, which fulfils all the requirements of customer.
We aim to make to make a system that is easy to use and understand and allows for customization.


Users 
•    Individuals who own more than one streaming service
•    Individual who are interested into getting a bundle of streaming services at a discounted price. 

Non-user: 
•    Streaming service companies




User Requirements: DRAFT 1 
Login -    Users shall be able to log into the application using a valid username and password. 
They will be greeted with the logic screen as they enter the application. User who has logged in previously can stay signed in. 
Registration with Stream Services account -    
Users who have existing streaming service accounts would be able to register with the easy to understand registration form.
Registration without any Streaming Service accounts -    
Users who are not subscribed to any streaming service can register with us to any two or more streaming services of their choice. Costing for various packages would be displayed upon completiong.
Profile-
Interface- The user interface shall be menu driven. It shall provide dialog boxes, help screen, dropdown list screen. 

Customization- The user can freely customize the content in the application. The system will allow you to choose deigns, allow the user to move around content or shrink content.

Reset customization -A reset option shall be available to the user to reset to original design.

Search

Help center

User Requirement: DRAFT 2 

Login 	Users shall be able to log into the application using a valid 
account.
User shall be able to stay signed in with the stay signed in button. 

Registration with Stream Services account 	Potential users who create a Stream IO Account will have the option to link their personal streaming services (Netflix, Hulu etc) to their 
Stream IO account.


Registration without any Stream Services account 	Users who are new to streaming will have the option to create an account and subscribe to service bundles which would be at a 
discounted cost.

Profile	
Users who connect with valid streaming services will be able to access different user profiles ,which all have different settings 1 Netflix account multiple profiles
Users who purchase service bundles with Stream IO have access to one user profile.  1 Stream IO account 1 user profile.
Interface 
User will interact with Stream IO and its content through a customizable User Interface. 
Users will be able to search/filter through content by name or genre using the seach bar.
Users will be able to bookmark their favurite shows/ movies  through the "Add to list " function.
Users will be able to customize the user interface to their liking from a list of preset designs and colours. 
Users will be able to reset interface design to the default preset using a reset button 


Help center-
Users will be able to contact Stream IO's help desk for assistance to any Stream IO related questions.

VPN-
Users pay extra to remove Geological Restrictions from content allowing them to view content from different regions. eg Viewing "The Office" which is ony 
available in the United States

Cancel account -
Users will be able to close their Stream IO account which deletes their personal information and stop charges to their account. 
No refunds are given to users who buy 6 months / 1 year packages.    


10/3/2021
Verifying actors and creating new actors in the system
Creating new actors :The system(website and server) ,The Bank(For payment) ,Time(the system creates a receipt and requests payment every 30 days)
Maintanance Team(servicing and maintaining the system), Streaming Platforms( netflix ,hulu amazon etc)
